README.md, before:

# CollegeHockeyTransfers
Have you found yourself checking social media, CHN, USCHO, EliteProspects, the Heisenberg List, team homepages, etc. multiple times per day to see if there are any transactions relating to your favorite team(s)? Do you wish you could get notified as soon as a player associated with your favorite team(s) commits, transfers, or goes pro? If yes, then you're in luck! CollegeHockeyTransfers is a free service that will automatically send you an email in these scenarios when your team(s) of interest are involved.

<u>**How does this service work?**</u>\
Several times per day, an algorithm will query the [EliteProspects.com](https://www.eliteprospects.com/) transfer feed for transactions corresponding with any NCAA D1 hockey team. If it sees any, it will send out an automated email to those who have requested to hear about transactions from the team(s) associated with it.

<u>**What kinds of transactions will trigger an email to be sent?**</u>\
For example, let's say you've signed up to get notified about Michigan Tech. You will receive an automated email in the following scenarios: A player commits to playing at Michigan Tech in a future season, a player transfers to/from Michigan Tech (involving another university), or a current Michigan Tech player leaves for a professional team.

<u>**What will the automated email look like?**</u>\
For example, if the team is Michigan Tech, the email's subject line will be: ```[CollegeHockeyTransfers] Michigan Tech Transaction Alert```

The email's contents will look something like this:\
```John Doe (F) from Michigan Tech to Detroit Red Wings```\
```Status: Confirmed Transaction```\
```Date: 01/01/2024```\
```Information: 3 years```

The email will also include a link to the player's EliteProspects profile page as well as a picture of the player, if their profile page contains one. The "Information" line will only appear if the transaction report on EliteProspects included those additional details. The "Date" indicates the date on which the transaction will take place, so it's possible it will be in the future. Furthermore, the "Status" can be a rumor as well.

<u>**How do I sign up?**</u>\
Scroll down and click the button(s) belonging to the team(s) whose transactions you'd like to be notified about. Click a button again to de-select it. When you're done, go to the bottom of the page and enter the email address you'd like the notifications to be sent to. Finally, click "Submit".

<u>**How do I unsubscribe or change the team(s) whose transactions I want to receive emails about?**</u>\
To make a change to the team(s) you previously submitted, or to unsubscribe entirely, click on the edit link in either the confirmation email you received when you initially signed up, or in any of the player transaction emails that have been sent to you. This will open an edit page where you can make the desired changes.

<u>**Will the email I enter be used for other purposes?**</u>\
No, your email address will not be shared with **ANYONE**.

Commit message:

Changed words on homepage, added editing of selections, corrected assambling email text and tracking of transfers.

README.md, after:

# CollegeHockeyTransfers
Have you found yourself checking social media, CHN, USCHO, EliteProspects, the Heisenberg List, team homepages, etc. multiple times per day to see if there are any transactions relating to your favorite team(s)? Do you wish you could get notified as soon as a player associated with your favorite team(s) commits, transfers, or goes pro? If yes, then you're in luck! CollegeHockeyTransfers is a free service that will automatically send you an email in these scenarios when your team(s) of interest are involved.

<u>**How does this service work?**</u>\
Several times per day, a script will check the [EliteProspects.com](https://www.eliteprospects.com/) transfer feed as well as multiple online spreadsheets that track the NCAA D1 men's hockey transfer portal. If it sees any new entries that correspond to the team(s) you've signed up to hear about, it will send you an automated email detailing the transaction.

<u>**What kinds of transactions will trigger an email to be sent?**</u>\
For example, let's say you've signed up to get notified about Michigan Tech. You will receive an automated email in the following scenarios: A player commits to playing at Michigan Tech in a future season, a player transfers to/from Michigan Tech (involving another university), or a current Michigan Tech player leaves for a professional team.

<u>**What will the automated email look like?**</u>\
For example, if the team is Michigan Tech, the email's subject line will be: ```[CollegeHockeyTransfers] Transaction Alert```

The email's contents will look something like this:\
```John Doe (F) from Michigan Tech to Detroit Red Wings```\
```Status: Confirmed Transaction```\
```Date: 01/01/2024```\
```Information: 3 years```

The email will also include a link to the player's EliteProspects profile page as well as a picture of the player if their profile page contains one. The "Information" line will only appear if the transaction report on EliteProspects included those additional details. The "Date" indicates the date on which the transaction will take place, so it's possible it will be in the future. Furthermore, the "Status" can be a rumor as well.

If the email is detailing an inter-university transfer done through the transfer portal, the subject line will be: ```[CollegeHockeyTransfers] Transfer Alert```

The email's contents will look something like this:\
```Michigan Tech F John Doe has transferred to Wisconsin.```

These kinds of emails will not include a picture or link to the player's EliteProspects page. However, all emails (regardless of the type of transaction it details) will include a link to the edit page, where you can make changes to your selections or unsubscribe entirely.

<u>**How do I sign up?**</u>\
Scroll down and click the button(s) belonging to the team(s) whose transactions you'd like to be notified about. Click a button again to de-select it. When you're done, go to the bottom of the page and enter the email address you'd like the notifications to be sent to. Finally, click "Submit".

<u>**How do I unsubscribe or change the team(s) whose transactions I want to receive emails about?**</u>\
To make a change to the team(s) you previously submitted, or to unsubscribe entirely, click on the edit link in either the confirmation email you received when you initially signed up, or in any of the player transaction emails that have been sent to you. This will open an edit page where you can make the desired changes.

<u>**Will the email I enter be used for other purposes?**</u>\
No, your email address will not be shared with **ANYONE**. If you unsubscribe from every team you were previously subscribed to, your email will be **completely removed** from the database.
